                                                 Assignment
                                  Assignment on Product Development Agreement
                                             Course Code: CSE–404
                                                 Section: 1
                                     Course Title: Software Engineering
                                               
                                                Submitted To
                                           Mr. Md Anowarul Abedin
                   Lecturer, Department of CSE – University of Liberal Arts Bangladesh (ULAB)

                                                Submitted By           
                                               Nahid Reza 143014013
                                   Md. Asifuzzaman Jishan 143014010
                                           MAHMUD HOSSAIN 142014041
                                        Md. Atik-Uz-Zaman 143014054
                                       Mrinmoyee Dey Amin 143014037
                                     Afsana Shikder Samia 143014047
                                             Taraq Rahman 141014020                                           
                                             Nadia Rahman 143014026
                                   
                                      
                                      Submission Date: July 18, 2018
                                      
                                      
.............................................................................................................................                                      
                                       Infinity Software Company Limited
                Road No- 7/A, House-185/Kha, Dhanmondi, Dhaka-1209. Cell: +8801760150897
                
                                          Product Development Agreement
                                          Project Name: Interior Design 
                                  
This product development agreement is entered into by and between [Infinity Software Company Limited], the Provider, and [Mr. Md.
Anowarul Abedin and Mr.Abrar Hasin], the Client.

I. Services
  The Provider shall provide product development services pursuant to the scope of work attached to this agreement in exchange 
for the fees detailed in the Compensation section of this agreement. All files, works, prototypes, etc shall be delivered to the
Client in accordance with the delivery schedule attached to this agreement. The Provider agrees that all final works shall become
the sole property of the Client once full Payment has been made to the Provider.

II. Confidentiality
  The Provider agrees to hold all details related to product development for the Client as proprietary and confidential. No 
aspect or detail or the product being developed or any assets or information provided to the Provider by the Client shall be 
disclosed to any party without prior written consent from the Client.

III. Compensation
  The Client agrees to compensate the Provider as follows:
  
IV. Payment
  All invoices shall be due for payment no later than 30 days from the date they are delivered to the Client. Late payments shall
be subject to a 2% late fee. The Client acknowledges that late payments may delay product development until payment is made in 
full.

V. Scope Modifications
  The Client agrees that the pricing detailed in this product development agreement is based on the attached scope of work. Any 
changes to the scope of work for this project may lead to additional costs to the Client.

VI. Agreement Cancellation
  Either the Provider or Client may cancel the product development project at their discretion. Notice of cancellation must be 
provided in writing to the opposite party. In the event of cancellation, the Client agrees to resolve all previously delivered 
invoices, as well as a final invoice for any unpaid work on the product development project. The Provider agrees to transfer 
ownership of all completed works to the Client upon cancellation of this agreement, once payment has been made pursuant to the 
terms of this agreement.

VII. Project Completion
  The Provider shall make every effort to adhere to the attached project delivery schedule. Should the project be delayed for any
reason, the Provider agrees to notify the Client immediately upon discovering such delays. The Client shall not have the right to
receive damages from the Provider for project delays.

VIII. Force Majeure
  Neither the Client nor the Provider shall be liable for delays or failure to uphold this agreement’s terms due to circumstances
beyond their control, such as acts of God, war, terrorism, or other extenuating circumstances.

IX. Binding Arbitration
  This agreement shall be governed by the laws of Bangladesh Laws. Any dispute which cannot be resolved through good-faith negoti-
ation shall be subject to the ruling of an independent arbitrator, whose ruling shall be considered final and binding on both 
parties.
  
X. Indemnification
  The Client agrees to indemnify and hold the Provider harmless against any and all claims of loss or damage without limitation 
except in cases of willful misconduct or gross negligence.

XI. Warranty and service 
  Final product designs are submitted to the Client “as-is”, without any granted or implied warranty.
  
Acceptance
By signing below, the Provider and Client agree to enter into this product development agreement with one another, to execute their
respective roles in good faith, and to uphold the entire terms of this agreement.





................................................                    .................................................
       Signature of the Sender Company                                       Signature of the Client Company

       Date: July 18, 2018                                                   Date: July 18, 2018                                                                                
